Relevant files for useWorkshopContext (#1)
faye-tan/workshop-iframe-react-app-plugin: README.md

> # Workshop Iframe React app plugin 

Author: Can polish this up in a follow up PR, this is first draft

   Please refer to the diagram Figure 1.a and 1.b. When your React app is iframed inside of Workshop, the context object will not exist until Workshop accepts the config parameter and as such will be in a loading state until it is accepted. It may also be rejected by Workshop and as such will be wrapped in a failed to load async state with an accompanying error message.

2. Why should I provide default values when defining the config passed to `useWorkshopContext`?
   During development when your React app is not iframed in Workshop, its not receiving any values and as such it would make development difficult if all you had to work with were a forever loading context object or a loaded context object with null values. Allowing you to provide default values when defining the config that gets translated to the context object returned by `useWorkshopContext` helps you during development when the app is not being iframed, as the plugin will detect whether your app is being iframed and if not, will return a loaded context object populated with your default values.

3. Why is each value inside the context object returned by `useWorkshopContext` wrapped in with an async loading state?

>    Workshop's variables each have an async loading state, as variables could come from asynchronous origins, such as a function that takes 10 seconds to return a value. Having a 1:1 match between the types in the context object and Workshop means that the two can be in sync concerning the state of the shared variable values. If a variable in Workshop goes into a loading state or fails to load, reflecting that in the iframed React app makes for consistency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Workshop's variables each have an async loading state, as variables could come from asynchronous execution, such as a function that takes 10 seconds to return a value. Having a 1:1 match between the types in the context object and Workshop means that the two have a consistent view of variable values. If a variable in Workshop goes into a loading state or fails to load, this async state is passed to the iframed React app allowing you to decide how to handle cases where one of the parameters is not available or currently might be re-loading. For example when implementing a custom submission form, you might want to disable the submission button if some of the inputs to your form hasn't loaded yet or are currently re-loading.
```

## License

> TODO

Reviewer: raising this :)

Author: I wasn't sure what to put here between MIT and Apache license. Going to ask about this. The README for https://github.palantir.build/devtools/open-source also says: 

If your Java project makes use of patents we hold and/or patents we intend to file (or are filed), please use [BSD-3](https://opensource.org/licenses/BSD-3-Clause) with the legal-provided PATENTS file.
